Hello everyone and welcome.
I am Steven, and I am thrilled to have you here for
The AI Transformation Simulation for Leaders, created
exclusively by FDJ UNITED and for FDJ UNITED.
This is not just another training, this is a serious
game designed for decision-makers like you.
In this experience, you'll face real-world challenges,
make strategic choices, and see their impact unfold —
all in real time.
I'll be guiding you throughout the game and give
you regular feedback as you progress.
What if generative AI became a real lever for your
teams?
Not a trend.
Not jargon.
But a real lever to boost creativity, speed, and
engagement across the customer experience and the
employee journey!
Your journey follows five clear, practical steps.
In the first step, you'll define your AI vision and
strategy.
Next,
You will choose the right use cases,
the ones that deliver real value, quickly, with manageable
risk and reasonable effort.
In the step three,
You'll launch your first pilots and demonstrate their
potential to build momentum.
You will then industrialize what works!
Activating the right governance, people and technology
enablers at the right time.
Finally,
you'll open the aperture and define the path forward
to scale AI
Throughout the simulation, you'll play the role of
Sophie, the AI Director of an online betting and lottery
company called PlayForward.
You will interact with key stakeholders, navigate
realistic scenarios, and have to strike the right
balance across value, risk, and ethics.
Now it's your turn.
Every choice matters.
Shape.
Choose.
Secure.
Scale.
Across the 5 steps of the game.
And unlock the full potential of your teams—in our
sector, in our reality!
Good luck!